# Homigram! Global marketplace for freelance property listing


Homigram.com ....a property market tech.!
[
The Homigram problems:
1. House Relocation problem(ease of relocation)
2. low liquidity problem in real estate market(swap properties in 5minuites)]


HOMIGRAM KEY FUNCTIONALITIES:

1. Search apartments
2. Inspect Apartment
3. Toggle between Vacancy, occupied and reserved options
4. Comment and react
5. Agent- client chat
6. Agent Ranking
7. Crypto deposit/withdraw 
9. Google map navigation
10.Notification 
11.Point earning function.

The work Homigram will do:

1. Networking users base on their needs

2. Recommend suitable properties to tenants daily based on locality.

3. Notify tenant on fitting real estate deals across the world.

4. Help users on instant search for apartment vacancies globally.

5. Direct users to exact vacancy location.

6. Enable instant deposit and withdrawals(payments, + autocurrency converter)

7. Help tenants reserve living vacant apartments globally.

8. Help Agents generate passive income posting real estate deals

9. Rank agents according to inspection.

10.Organised savings scheme for tenants  future rent payments.

11. Provide online apartment inspection.

12.Real estate property trading


HOW IT WORKS:

Homigram is a general market place for property rentals and trading

Users can list and inspect properties, at will.
The following are key activities users can perform on the app:

1. Listings:  where all categories of apartments for rent and for sale can be found.

2. Apt Details: where users see a complete information about their
 prospective property. Information include: location, fee structure, 
T&C of occupancy, contacts, facilitiesand more

3. Apt upload: A section where users will upload properties.

4. Notification System: app will  notify users of vacancies nearby if his current 
rent is close to expiration, new listed properties, messages, and more.

5. Apt Status: 

a. Apartments can be declared or marked as Occupied by a client or as 
Vacant by an agent or as reserved! In each case, Change of status request has to be 
confirmed by the other 
party. 

b. Apart reserved will require the client to pay an amount to cover the reservation 
Which is calculated by rent/365(for annual rent) or rent/30(for monthly rent) per day.

c. Reservation funds are not refundable unless aprt already occupied by another client on arrival of the client.


6. Google Map: shows the client the best route to the Apt location.

7. Ratings: clients rate agents with a thumb up or down. Agents with high thumb down will
 be suspended(i.e  if thumbdown figure is 70% of thumb up figure). Thumbdown button will appear if the upload has generated 10% of rent.

8. Inspection. Clients pay $0.7 per inspection for all Apt between
$0-1000 rent, $1 for Aprt between $1001-$3000 rent, $2 for
Aprt between $3001-$15,000 rent  and $5 for Apt above $15001 rent. If an Apt status is labelled "Occupied",.it will be 
displayed to the client BEFORE inspection IF AND ONLY IF the total inspection amount 
generated by the Apt is equivalent to 10% of the rent(for aptms that charge annual) and 
80% of rent(for aprtm that charge monthly). If aprt has generated 10% of rent as Total inspection charges, while still 
Vacant, subsequent inspections by clients will be free of charge.

9. Funds: Deposit and withdrawals will be carried out by Usdt blockchain. User can transfer funds 
from one Homigram account to another user.


11. Points: allows users to earn rent discounts. 1000points is equivalent to $20.
 Points can be earned through : 


*inspection: every inspection performed on homigram earn the user 5points.

*views: every property view earn the user 1point

*Apt occupation: every apartment occupied on homigram earn the user 50points.

*Sharing formula: users can share an apartments to other social media after inspection and earn in return, Residential apart sharing earn $0.7(and $0.3 goes 
to the original publisher). Commercial aprt or land sharing earn $0.04(this is funded by Homigram. Only Homigram can publish Land or Apartment for sale)

12. Each inspection revenue generated by upload will be locked/attached to that upload and can be 
added to the total balance only if the apartment is marked Occupied.

13. Property trading: each user can purchase a whole property unit or part by using the buy function on the property. All users who own a share of same property will be listed
along with the property. Users can use the P2P function to buy or sell their property shares to another user. The propert growth rate will be displayed on the property 
and will affect its value over time. only Homigram can determine the growth rate of the property.


Vacancies are classified In the following categories: 
1. Apartments
a. Flats 
b. Bungalow 
c. Self contain
d. Village house
e. Estate
f. Shared space

2. Hotels
a. 5 Star
b. Inn
c. Standard
d. Motel

3. Office
a. Shop
b. Furnished
c. Empty Apt.
d. Ordinary space
e. Kiosk.


How Homigram will generate money: 

1. Inspection charges commission on rental apartments(20% from agents revenue)


2. Reservation charge commission(10% extra on charges)
a. Apartments can be declared or marked as Occupied by a client or as 
Vacant by an agent or as reserved! In each case, Change of status request has to be 
confirmed by the other party. 

3. Instalmental property purchase;(

a. Homigram will buy land or buildings and publish on its platform
b. The property value will be splitted into 100units
c. 100 diffent users can purchase a unit each of the property(each unit measuring 100sqr feet for land)
d. 1 user can purchase the whole units of the property(and can have the property in real life)
e. published properties grow at the rate of 1.25% per month( any growth are distributed accross each units)
f. owners of property units can resell their units back to homigram at any time(after a period of 1year).
g. users can only purchase available units of a given property(available units of the property will be desplayed on the property)
h. users can transfer their property unit ownership to other users(through the p2p function and get paid based on negotiation)



KEY Button Functions

HOME PAGE

1. Chat button on Newdeals
2. Inspect

PROPERTY DETAILS PAGE(single-property-8 template)

1. Share
2. Occupy
3. Reserve
4. P2P
5. Buy/Sell

DASHBOARD PAGE
1. Post
2. Occupy
3. sell

USER PROFILE
1. connect
2. thumb down
3. star
